Incorporate doc feedback from @maelle (#2231)
r-lib/testthat: vignettes/challenging-tests.Rmd

})
```

> If you don't care about reproducing the output of `continue()` and just want to recreate its return value, you can use `mock_output_sequence()`. This creates a function that each time it's called returns the next input supplied to `mock_output_sequence()`. The following code shows how it works and how you might use it to test `readline()`:

Reviewer: I find the second sentence unclear.
```suggestion
If you don't care about reproducing the output of `continue()` and just want to recreate its return value, you can use `mock_output_sequence()`. This creates a function that returns the input supplied to `mock_output_sequence()` in sequence: the first input at the first call, the second input at the second call, etc. The following code shows how it works and how you might use it to test `readline()`:
```
